Thanks for using the Mobile Buzz® Shopping websites



Mobile Buzz owns the www.themobilebuzz.co.uk Internet site and is operated and maintained by Mobile Buzz® from our offices in the United Kingdom. We want to make your visit to our Site an enjoyable one, so take your time and browse. Please be aware that access to this Site from territories where its contents are illegal is prohibited. By accessing this Site, you are agreeing to be bound by these Site Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Because of the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content, including all laws, rules, codes and regulations of the country in which you reside. If you do not agree with any of these terms, do not use this Site. We may revise the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Any revision or modification of the Terms of Use will be effective immediately upon posting of the revision or modification. By using this Site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms of Use. 



Who Can Use The Services.



You must be an individual 18 years of age or older to use the Services, and you must enroll to use the Services using our Sites or mobile applications. We reserve the right to refuse access to the Services or to cancel your account at any time. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that any profile information you submit is true and accurate, that you are 18 years of age or older, and that you are fully able and competent to enter into and abide by these Terms. The Services are not intended for those under the age of 18. Use of the Services is void where prohibited.



User Account



You must register as a member on the Website in order to shop, to use some services and to enjoy special promotions and activities.

For safety and security, each customer is allowed to create only one registered account by default. For customers who attempt to create several accounts, We reserve the right to suspend accounts without further notice.

In accordance with Customs regulations customers must provide valid and accurate data. All consignee names, address and payers name should be valid. In certain countries the consignee may have to submit their ID or passport to clear the package or for payment verification purpose. 



As a condition of your use of the Site and our services, you warrant to Mobile Buzz that you will not use the Site or our services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. Whether on behalf of yourself or on behalf of any third-party, you agree not to:



Access or attempt to access the Site other than through the interface that is provided by Newegg, unless you have specifically been permitted to do so in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized representative of Mobile Buzz;


Divert or attempt to divert Mobile Buzz customers to another website, mobile application, or service;


Access or attempt to access the Site, or any portion thereof, through any automated means, including but not limited to the use of scripts or web crawlers;


Use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with the Site or our services.


You agree that (a) you will not copy, reproduce, download, re-publish, sell, distribute or resell any Services or any information, text, images, graphics, video clips, sound, directories, files, databases or listings, etc available on or through the Sites (the “Site Content”), and (b) you will not copy, reproduce, download, compile or otherwise use any Site Content for the purposes of operating a business that competes with Alibaba.com, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Site Content. Systematic retrieval of Site Content from the Sites to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes




Pricing Information



Except where noted otherwise, the price displayed for products made available for purchase via the Services represents the full retail price listed for the product itself. Please note that pricing information displayed on the Services is subject to change, and that we have no control over fee adjustments made by third parties, including Merchants. In the event of a pricing error, Mobile Buzz Shopping expressly reserves the right to correct the error on the Services.



When shopping for products while using the Services, you will often have a choice of various shipping and return options that may be offered for different prices. We will make a reasonable effort to provide you with accurate information with respect to inventory availability, estimated shipping dates, and product delivery timeframes, but we make no guarantees with respect to such matters.



Order processing



Once you have placed your order, you can expect your order to be processed within approximately 1-2 business days, provided the items are in stock and there are no problems with payment verification. Kindly note that orders are not processed on holidays.



Canceling orders



You may cancel your order for a product at no cost any time before the order has been processed and shipped, provided Mobile Buzz has sufficient time to cancel the order. Nothing in this section limits your rights to cancel your order under any law.



Customer Support



You may contact Customer Service using the contact information on our Sites. The provision of customer support is not required or guaranteed, and is provided at Capital One Shopping’s sole discretion.



Third-Party Content



The Services may contain links to Web pages and content of third parties (“Third-Party Content”), including User Content, Merchant Content, and other third-party content, as a service to those interested in this information.



Additionally, if you follow a link or otherwise navigate away from the Services, please be aware that you may also be subject to third-party terms and policies. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Content provider to which you navigate from the Services. We make no representation or warranty as to the security of links to other websites, including Third-Party Content, nor do we make any representation or warranty as to whether such links or such other websites, including Third Party Content, are free of viruses or other forms of data corruption. In addition, we will not and cannot censor or edit Third Party Content. By using the Services, you expressly relieve us and our affiliates from any and all liability arising from your use of Third Party Content. You access and use Third-Party Content at your own risk.



Licensed Content



Content on the Services, including User Content provided by other users, has been licensed to Mobile Buzz Shopping in accordance with various licensing agreements between Mobile Buzz Shopping and the persons or entities who own the rights to that content (“Licensed Content”). Licensed Content is protected by intellectual property laws. Any opinion, advice, statement, service, offer, or other information that constitutes part of the Licensed Content expressed or made available via the Services are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Mobile Buzz Shopping or our directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, partners, or affiliates. Mobile Buzz Shopping or our directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, partners, or affiliates will not be held liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any information obtained through the Services.



Laws and Regulations



Your use of the Services is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Unauthorized use of the Services is prohibited, and violators can be prosecuted under federal and state laws. Excluding any conflict-of-law rules that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, govern these Terms (including Shopping Credits) and your use of the Services.



Use License



Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on this Site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: (1) modify or copy the materials; (2) use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display; (3) attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on this Site; (4) remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; and (5) transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server. This license will automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Micro Electronics, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.



Copyrights



All content included on the site such as text, graphics, logos, button, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software are all owned by Mobile Buzz and are protected by international copyright laws.



Trademarks



Logos, icons, graphics and Website names are trademarks registered by Mobile Buzz or its affiliates. All the registered and unregistered trademarks shall not be used by you or any third party for any business purposes other than in connection with Mobile Buzz. Other trademarks which are not owned by Mobile Buzz are the property of the respective owners